USF-3668: Storefront Architecture and Backend options docs (#765)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/setup/analytics/instrumentation.mdx

</Tabs>

<Aside type="note" title="environment">

> The `environment` parameter is used to determine the type of environment your store is running in. This is important because it affects how data is collected and processed. In `config.json`, set the value to the JSON string `"Testing"` while you develop and `"Production"` when you deploy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `environment` parameter is used to determine the type of environment your store is running in. This is important because it affects how data is collected and processed. In your storefront configuration, set the value to the JSON string `"Testing"` while you develop and `"Production"` when you deploy.
```

Don't use config.json. Refer to "storefront configuration". Add link if desired, to docs page for it.
